2.6 terabyte leak of Panamanian shell company data reveals "how a global industry led by major banks, legal firms, and asset management companies secretly manages the estates of politicians, Fifa officials, fraudsters and drug smugglers, celebrities and professional athletes."
Internet Defenders Urge Mass Revolt to Fight FCC's "Scorched-Earth" Attack on Net Neutrality: "FCC Pai is handing over the internet to a few humongous gatekeepers who see the rest of us as products to be delivered to advertisers, not as citizens needing communications that serve democracy's needs.'
Russia banned from 2018 Winter Olympics for doping
Belgium says loot boxes are gambling, wants them banned in Europe
Justin Trudeau Is Very Concerned With FCCs Plan to Roll Back Net Neutrality: We need to continue to defend net neutrality
Cancer vaccine eliminates tumors in mice - 90 of 90 mice cured of cancers with lymphoma, similar results observed in colon, breast, and melanoma cancers.
Twitter will now label political ads, including who bought them and how much they are spending
Same Sex Marriage is now legal in Australia
Tesla Turns Power Back On At Children's Hospital In Puerto Rico
Macron wins French presidency by decisive margin over Le Pen
No one owns Internet... so, it should be open and accessible to everyone, says the Chairman of the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India.
Paradise Papers leak reveals secrets of world elite's hidden wealth
North and South Korea agree to carry single flag at Winter Olympics and field joint women's ice hockey team
All 48 London Bridge attack victims who made it to hospital have survived
A biotech startup has managed to 3-D print fake rhino horns that carry the same genetic fingerprint as the actual horn. The company plans to flood Chinese rhino horn market at one-eighth of the price of the original, undercutting the price poachers can get and forcing them out eventually.
Apple, the world's most profitable firm, has a secretive new structure allowing it to continue avoiding billions in taxes, Paradise Papers show. They sidestepped a 2013 crackdown by actively shopping around for a tax haven, landing $252bn on the Channel Island of Jersey.
U.S. ambassador to Panama resigns because he can 'no longer work for Trump'.
Moscow residents say they have found that the only way to get the council to clear snow is to write the name of opposition leader Alexei Navalny on it.
Canada to announce marijuana will be legal by July 1, 2018
Norway has issued a threat to Brazil that if rising deforestation in the Amazon rainforest is not reversed, its billion-dollar financial assistance to Brazils Amazon fund will fall to zero.
Chechnya detains 100 gay men in first concentration camps since the Holocaust
Same-sex marriage is now legal in Germany
Pope Francis denounces climate change deniers
Trump sells Qatar $12 Billion of U.S. Weapons days after accusing it of funding Terrorism
'Shootings' reported in central Paris: Reports of shooting and casualties in central Paris
Puerto Rico's governor says 'let's talk' after Elon Musk says Tesla can rebuild the island's power grid
Tesla quietly shipping hundreds of battery packs to be paired with solar panels to Puerto Rico ever since the storm cleared: Tesla employees are currently installing the batteries and repairing solar systems, as well as coordinating efforts with local organizations.
The EU Suppressed a 300-Page Study That Found Piracy Doesnt Harm Sales
Catalans declare independence from Spain
Fidel Castro is dead at 90.
900 suspected pedophiles arrested as darknet child porn kingpin jailed for 30yrs
India has planted nearly 66 million trees in 12 hours
Syria is signing the Paris climate agreement, leaving the US alone against the rest of the world
Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy has proposed that Europe should impose a carbon tax on American imports if Donald Trump pulls the United States out of the Paris climate pact.
France to make vaccination mandatory from 2018 as it is 'unacceptable children are still dying of measles'
Manchester bomber was banned from his local mosque and reported to the authorities at least 5 times
Saudi Arabia: King Salman orders driving licenses for women
Canada: House passes bill to federally legalize recreational marijuana
$300M Puerto Rico recovery contract awarded to tiny utility company linked to major Trump donor
Elon Musk leads 116 experts calling for outright ban on killer robots - Open letter signed by Tesla chief and Googles Mustafa Suleyman urges UN to block use of lethal autonomous weapons to prevent third age of war
Assassins killed Panama Papers journalist with text message bomb
Donald Trump tells Theresa May he won't visit the UK unless she bans protests
North Korea accepts offer from South to meet for peace talks
'We're trying to go all in': Chocolate giant Mars pledges $1 billion to fight climate change
US appeals court upholds suspension of Trump travel ban
David Cameron to Trump: Your fake news act is dangerous -- Fake news is not broadcasters criticizing you, its Russian bots and trolls targeting your democracy, says former British leader.
China has reached its 2020 solar power target three years ahead of schedule, eclipsing Europe
We regret to inform you that one of our beloved moderators has passed away
NASA announces discovery of flowing water in Mars
France passes law to ban all oil and gas production by 2040
Scientists call for ban on glitter, say its a global hazard
Japanese government warns North Korea missile headed toward northern Japan, report says
US Can Do What It Wants But India's Stand On Net Neutrality is clear, Right to non-discriminatory internet access is non-negotiable : Telecom minister of India
Its now illegal in Russia to share an image of Putin as a gay clown
Trump made a personal address to Kim Jong-un "North Korea is not the paradise your grandfather envisioned. It is a hell that no person deserves."
Neo-Nazi and National Front organiser quits movement, comes out as gay, opens up about Jewish heritage
Scientists slam Donald Trump's environment chief over climate denial: 'It's like disputing gravity'
Costa Rica completes 2016 without having to burn a single fossil fuel for more than 250 days. 98.2% of Costa Rica's electricity came from renewable sources in 2016.
Canada decides the F-word is not taboo for radio listeners' ears - Countrys broadcast watchdog rules that the word is now so commonplace that it is no longer as vulgar as it once was
U.S. slammed for coal pitch at climate talks: 'Like promoting tobacco at a cancer summit' | The Japan Times
Women burn burqas and men shave beards to celebrate liberation from Isis in Syria | The Independent
Trump revealed highly classified information to Russian foreign minister and ambassador
"I'm prepared to be shot," says one protester as Russias youth takes the lead in countrywide protests against Putin.
Coca-Cola sucks wells dry in Chiapas, forcing residents to buy water: A Coca-Cola bottling plant in Mexico consumes millions of liter of water per day while wells dry up
'Mine is bigger': Trump dares Kim Jong-un to compare nuclear buttons
'I am ready to stand for my principles': Double world chess champion says she won't defend titles in Saudi Arabia because of kingdom's inequality. The Ukrainian, 27, will not travel to Saudi Arabia, where she wouldn't even be allowed to walk down the street unaccompanied.
President Donald Trump signed an executive order formally withdrawing the United States from the 12-nation Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal
Two teenage boys were rescued by a brand new lifesaving drone in Australia while lifeguards were still training to use it. After being spotted struggling in heavy surf 700m (2,300ft) offshore, lifesavers sent the drone to drop an inflatable rescue pod, and the pair made their way safely to shore.
Nestl, Mars and Hershey 'breaking promises over palm oil use' - This years Halloween confectionery will contain palm oil grown on land that should lawfully be habitat to orangutans, rhinos and clouded leopards, despite commitment to clean up supply chains
North Korea bans sarcasm because Kim Jong-un fears people only agree with him ironically
The number of people using Facebook daily in North America dropped for the first time
Trump misunderstood MIT climate research, university officials say: Massachusetts Institute of Technology officials said U.S. President Donald Trump badly misunderstood their research when he cited it on Thursday to justify withdrawing the United States from the Paris Climate Agreement.
The Prime Minister of Iceland has resigned
Japan firm considers 3-day weekends as nation rethinks culture of long work hours
'I was just doing my job': Soviet officer who averted nuclear war dies at age 77
Australia's same-sex marriage postal survey: 61.6% yes, 38.4% no
Australians petition to put Steve Irwin on their money.
Turkish presidents bodyguards batter Washington DC protesters leaving them covered in blood while leader meets Trump at the White House
Stephen Hawking urges humanity to pursue space colonisation to unite Earth and elevate humanity.
Japan pledges $2.9 billion to support countries pursuing universal health coverage
Right wing blogger Jenna Abrams, who has 70,000 followers, does not exist, was created by St. Petersburg troll farm
Donald Trump to strip all funding from State Dept team promoting women's rights around the world - Leaked plan comes as First Daughter Ivanka defends her father's record with women
Pope Francis, who has a strong belief in the science of climate change, called upon world leaders on Wednesday to "listen to the cry of the Earth and the cry of the poor, who suffer most because of the unbalanced ecology."
San Juan mayor: 'I am begging, begging anyone who can hear us to save us from dying'
Marriott boat refuses to rescue anyone but guests, leaves with 200 free seats
The Trump administration withdrew the United States from an international effort to fight corruption on Thursday that targeted revenue from oil and natural gas extraction...global initiative that requires member nations to disclose their revenues from oil, gas, and mining assets.
Donald Trump Not Invited to French Climate Change Summit
"Its time to pay a living wage, to pay your taxes, and to give your workers the benefits  and peace of mind  that come with stable, full-time contracts." Canada's PM Trudeau blames corporate elites for rise in global public anger, points to record profits but overworked and underpaid workers.
PornHub posts Putin's critic Alexey Navalny's anti-government film online after russian court bans it
Twitter has forced 30 websites that archive politician's deleted tweets to shut down, removing an effective tool to keep politicians honest
Angela Merkel says Germany can no longer rely on Donald Trump's America: 'We Europeans must take our destiny into our own hands'
Ex-Governor of Puerto Rico tweets photo of surgeons operating by cellphone light after Trump dubs aide efforts a 10
Swedish brewery names beer 'F*** you I'm Millwall' in tribute to man who fought London Bridge attackers
Penguins die in 'catastrophic' season. Only two penguin chicks survived in a colony of 36,000, after ice levels meant adults had to travel further for food.
Amazon drivers 'are asked to deliver up to 200 parcels a day for less than the minimum wage and they even have to urinate into bottles to keep pace'
President of South Korea Impeached.
China says "this is not how a U.S. president should behave" after Trump tweet
Canada's immigration website keeps crashing for 'some reason'
Britons Respond to Trump Attack on UK Healthcare - 'Nobody Here Would Trade for What America Has': "In Britain, the poor don't need to win the lottery to afford medical care."
Putin says Russia ready to fully restore ties with U.S
Trumps name appears in Panama Papers for the first time
Canada passes law which grants immunity for drug possession to those who call 911 to report an overdose
Thugs who throw acid can now be given a life sentence, even if they miss their victim
YouTube will start labeling videos that receive government funding
China bans all coal imports from North Korea, severing major financial lifeline for regime
Australia plans to ban convicted pedophiles from traveling overseas to protect vulnerable children in Southeast Asia from exploitation.
Hundreds of thousands of leaked emails reveal massively widespread corruption in global oil industry
German court rules Facebook use of personal data illegal
Legal Pot: Canada Will Sell Marijuana in Liquor Stores
Trump Ordered Mueller Fired, but Backed Off When White House Counsel Threatened to Quit
20 Tons Of Nutella Stolen From Truck In Germany - Police are looking out for over $80,000 of sweet contraband. Anyone offered large quantities of chocolate via unconventional channels should report it to the police immediately.
Trumps Immigration Ban Halted By Federal Court
Manchester Arena 'explosions': Two loud bangs heard at MEN Arena
Iranian forces open fire on protesters as protests continue for third day
Catalonia has 'won right to statehood'
State Dept Is Working To ID Erdogan Bodyguards Who Beat Up Protesters In DC
Iceland does what the US wont: 26 top bankers sent to prison for role in financial crisis
China tells Donald Trump there is an 'international responsibility' to act over climate change
Massive investigation reveals Ivanka's business ties to a Russian fraudster in a deal for a Panama Hotel that made Trump rich
Lawsuit Launched Against Trump EPA for Approving Fracking Waste Dumping Into Gulf of Mexico
DNA Test Shows Subways Oven-Roasted Chicken Is Only 50 Percent Chicken
UN votes resoundingly to reject Trump's recognition of Jerusalem as capital
China Invents Rice That Can Grow in Salt Water, Can Feed Over 200 Million People
Trump leaked to the Russians that Israel successfully hacked ISIS computers
The Pope gave Donald Trump a 192-page letter he wrote on climate change
Google will soon ban fake news sites from using its ad network - Cutting off their revenue streams
Canada Just Ruled to Uphold Net Neutrality
Kushner Under Fire for Receiving $30M From Israeli Firm While Shaping Middle East Policy
Fox New's fake expert on violent immigrants in Sweden turns out to be a violent Swedish immigrant in the US, Swedish media reports.
Feeding cows seaweed could slash global greenhouse gas emissions, researchers say: "They discovered adding a small amount of dried seaweed to a cow's diet can reduce the amount of methane a cow produces by up to 99 per cent."
Puerto Rico Rejects Loan Offers, Accusing Hedge Funds of Trying to Profit Off Hurricanes
The EU signed a historic deal to integrate 23 armies to shake off its US dependence
Spanish Chef Has Served Nearly 1.5 Million Meals To Hungry Puerto Ricans, Surpassing the American Red Crosss Efforts
State Dept reverses visa ban, allows travelers with visas into U.S. - official
Police investigating the Manchester Arena bomb attack have stopped sharing information with the US after leaks to the media, the BBC understands.
'Sex with minor wife is to be considered rape', says Supreme Court of India
One million hours of UK police time a year 'wasted enforcing cannabis prohibition' - Liberal Democrats want to legalise it, on grounds the ban is an enormous waste of time and money
Trump isnt welcome in UK after sharing far-right videos, London mayor says
Equifax had 'admin' as login and password in Argentina
With only days until Donald Trump takes office, the Obama announced new rules that will let the NSA share vast amounts of private data gathered without warrant, court orders or congressional authorization with 16 other agencies, including the FBI, DEA and DHS.
Japan Calls For Denuclearized World On 72nd Anniversary Of Hiroshima
Australia plans random drug tests for people receiving welfare
Iran will ban Americans from entering the country in response to Trumps insulting order restricting arrivals from Iran and six other Muslim states
Brazil to open up 860,000 acres of protected Amazon rainforest to logging, mining and farming
Mexican president says he will not go to U.S. for meeting with Trump
Vietnamese Blogger Gets 7 Years in Jail for Reporting on Toxic Spill - "Taiwan-owned steel factory flushed cyanide and other chemicals through its waste pipeline, killed marine life and sickened people along a 120-mile stretch of coastline. It is one of Vietnams largest environmental disasters."
Trump admin. to reverse ban on elephant trophies from Africa
Putin: Russia warns U.S. against 'meddling' in presidential election
Son of Philippines' Duterte linked to $125 million drug shipment as his father's drug war kills thousands
Iranian TV host and proponent of Islamic dress code caught drinking beer, without hijab in Switzerland
Belize, home of the largest barrier reef in the western hemisphere, has permanently suspended oil operations in its ocean waters: ...the first time that a developing country has taken such a major step to protect its oceans -and all the life within - from oil exploration and extraction.
Former Facebook exec says social media is ripping apart society
180 mayors adopt Paris climate accord after U.S. pulls out: 'The group of mayors, who represent more than 51 million Americans and some of the largest U.S. cities, outlined a plan to align with the other 194 nations that adopted the accord'
Japanese women are breaking their silence about sexual abuse and harassment and joining the #MeToo movement
China to Donald Trump: Your North Korea speech was really unhelpful
A sniper with Canadas elite special forces in Iraq has shattered the world record for the longest confirmed kill shot in military history at a staggering distance of 3,450 metres.
German police sue American woman for slander for calling them 'Nazis'
Mexico Legalizes Medical Marijuana ; a decree issued by Mexican President Enrique Pea Nieto today confirmed that Mexico has legalized cannabis for medicinal use after overwhelming support from Mexicos Lower House of Congress.
US outnumbered 14 to 1 as it vetoes UN vote on status of Jerusalem
North Korea calls for reunification with South Korea
Up to 20 countries have indicated support for the Netherlands plan to set up an international safe abortion fund to plug a $600m funding gap caused by Donald Trumps reinstatement of the global gag rule, the Dutch international development minister, Lilianne Ploumen, said on Wednesday.
Taiwan top court rules same-sex marriage legal, a first in Asia
EU Will Ignore White House And Work Directly With US States On Paris Agreement
Reddit could be the next target for federal investigators exploring Russian influence over the 2016 US presidential election
Chile to be the first American country to ban plastic bags in coastal cities
A host of internet giants - from social networks to dating apps to porn sites - will join to protest against plans to roll back rules protecting "net neutrality".
World of chess in uproar after women told they must play at next years world championships in Iran wearing hijabs
I will NOT wear a hijab and support womens oppression: US chess champion boycotts world championship in Iran
N Korea accuses US of declaring war
China breaks ground on first Forest City that fights air pollution | a community where all buildings are entirely covered in nearly a million plants of over 100 species, as well as 40,000 trees,
Costa Rica has been running on 100% renewable energy for 2 months straight: 76 days and zero fossil fuels.
Ukraine has removed all 1,320 statues of Lenin
Taiwan becomes first country in Asia to ban eating of cat and dog meat
Rio 2016: Swimmers need to ingest only three teaspoons of water to be almost certain of contracting a virus | Olympics | Sport
Russia considers banning sale of cigarettes to anyone born after 2015
Half of Iranians wants to drop headscarf laws -- believe that wearing a hijab should be a private choice.
Theresa May to launch wide-ranging internet regulation and security changes despite not winning majority
China bans tourism to North Korea
Trump's Second Travel Ban Blocked by U.S. Judge
ISIS Twitter accounts have been hijacked with gay porn
Medical marijuana has NO public health risks and should not be withheld from patients, WHO declares after months of deliberation
Russia Bans Scientology
Five HIV patients left 'virus-free' with no need for daily drugs in early vaccine trials
European Parliament approves proposal to end 'Daylight Saving Time'
Russia Is Aiding North Korea With Oil Imports, Ignoring U.S. Efforts To Isolate Kim Jong Un: Report
Gravitational waves from black holes detected
Donald Trump lifts sanctions on Russia that were imposed by Obama in response to cyber-security concerns
Jeremy Corbyn accuses Theresa May of ignoring terror warnings when she cut 20,000 police officers and claims she is suppressing a report about Saudi funding of extremists
Musk: Tesla can rebuild Puerto Rico power grid
World's witnessing a new Gilded Age as billionaires wealth swells to $6tn - The worlds super-rich hold the greatest concentration of wealth since the US Gilded Age at the turn of the 20th century, when families like the Carnegies, Rockefellers and Vanderbilts controlled vast fortunes.
An Iranian woman detained after defiantly taking off her headscarf and holding it on a stick in Tehran has been freed - lawyer.
Manafort has 3 passports, traveled to China with phone registered under fake name
Sweden asks the U.S. to explain Trump comment on Sweden
China says shutdown shows U.S. democracy chaotic and chronically flawed
Survivors of the 9/11 attacks have written to Prime Minister Theresa May  urging her to make public a British government report into the extent of Saudi Arabias funding of Islamist extremism in the UK.
Saudi woman, who was flying to Australia to escape an arranged marriage, forcibly removed from her flight and returned to Saudi Arabia because she didn't have permission from her male guardian to travel
Russia has interfered in 19 countries elections over 2 decades, report finds
Intelligence chiefs allege Russians have compromising personal information on Donald Trump: The claims allege the now-President-elect had been in contact with Russian intermediaries for five years
Canada will welcome you, Trudeau invites refugees as Trump bans them
Iraqi soldier disarms 7-year-old boy after ISIS strap him with suicide belt
Report: CIA Captured Putins Specific Instructions to Hack the 2016 Election
Trump sold a $40 million estate to a Russian oligarch for $100 millionand a senator wants to know why
Flynn charged for 'making false statement'
PM Justin Trudeau of Canada announces $650 million investment in women health and reproductive rights over next three years.
Putin critic Alexei Navalny thinks there's a 50/50 chance he'll be killed: Russia's main opposition figure thinks there's a 50% chance he will end up dead for speaking out against Putin, a fate that has befallen many of the Kremlin's enemies in recent years.
White House tells supporters it will exit Paris deal
China scraps construction of 85 planned coal power plants: Move comes as Chinese government says it will invest 2.5 trillion yuan into the renewable energy sector
Shipping executive: We have deliberately misled public on climate
United Nations rejects US recognition of Jerusalem as Israeli capital.
Think twice about buying 'squashed-faced' breeds, vets urge dog-lovers - British Veterinary Association launches #breedtobreathe campaign to highlight serious health issues breeds such as pugs and French bulldogs are prone to
More than 130 British imams refuse to bury London attackers
Trump attacks protections for immigrants from shithole countries in Oval Office meeting
Ivanka Trump Sat In for Her Father at the G-20 Leaders' Table
'Van hits pedestrians' on London Bridge
Puerto Rico votes in favor of statehood
Russians charged over election tampering
The police officer who leaked the footage of the surfers paradise police brutality, where the victims blood was washed away by officers, has been criminally charged for bringing it to the publics view. Officers who did the bashing get nothing.
Trump signs largest arms deal in American history with Saudi Arabia despite warnings from human rights advocates that the deal risks making the US complicit in war crimes committed by the Saudi-led coalition in Yemen.
A public relations disaster for United Airlines is transforming into an international incident in one of its most important markets
Netherlands will once again need to close prisons due to falling crime rate and lack of prisoners.
Japanese woman 'dies from overwork' after logging 159 hours of overtime in a month
"After 16 appearances in the Olympics, the tiny nation of Fiji has its first medal. And it is gold."
Donald Trump's Great Wall on Mexican border will damage environment in 'insane act of self-sabotage' - Making the cement needed for a 1,000-mile concrete wall would emit nearly two million tons of carbon dioxide and cut off endangered animals from part of their territory
The Queen declares war on plastic after David Attenborough documentary: Buckingham Palace outlined new waste plans and said there was a strong desire to tackle the issue at the highest levels of the Royal household.
Vietnamese activist jailed for 14 years for live-streaming protest against steel plants pollution: The US$10.6 billion steel complex discharged toxins such as cyanide and phenol during a test run in April 2016, killing massive amounts of fish and other sea life along more than 200km of coastline.
Disney CEO Bob Iger Resigns from Trumps Advisory Council over Paris Accord Decision
McCain: I'd throw the Turkish ambassador out over violence in DC
Trump bid to reinstate travel ban fails
Interstellar object confirmed to be from another solar system
Pope suggests 'better to be atheist than hypocritical Catholic'
Algerian police officer killed after hugging a suicide bomber to protect his colleagues from the blast
CNN exclusive: Grand jury subpoenas issued in FBI's Russia investigation
EU will remain top investor against climate change, in defiance of Donald Trump's policies - 'We, Europeans, must lead the free world against climate sceptics'
The United States will normalize diplomatic relations with Cuba, open embassy in Havana
St. Petersburg's Church of Scientology is charged with illegal revenue of $4.8m
France decrees new rooftops must be covered in plants or solar panels. All new buildings in commercial zones across the country must comply with new environmental legislation
FCC Got 444,938 Net-Neutrality Comments From Russian Email Addresses
NASA Just Announced They Cant Afford to Get Humans to Mars
Michael Flynn resigns: Trump's national security adviser quits over Russia links
UK government finally concedes cannabis has a medicinal effect
Labour joins 9/11 survivors in demanding Theresa May release suppressed Saudi Arabia terrorism report
Israel's Holocaust museum invites Spicer to visit its website for WWII info
Paris makes all public transport free in battle against 'worst air pollution for 10 years'
Video of Canadian Sikh politician Jagmeet Singh's calm response to racist rant by woman takes social media by storm
US House votes in new Russia sanctions and limits President Trumps ability to waive them
Donald Trump and Kim Jong-un impersonators thrown out of the Winter Olympics Opening Ceremony
Muslim activists hack Isis mailing list hours after terrorists claimed it was unhackable
Nestl is extracting water from Canadian towns on expired permits
Renewable energy is becoming so cheap the US will meet Paris commitments even if Trump withdraws
A 13-year-old girl who died unexpectedly of a brain aneurysm has had her organs transplanted to eight people - the largest number in the history of the organ donation service
Nigerian bobsled team heading to 2018 Winter Olympics after raising $75,000 through GoFundMe.
Vancouver Aquarium will no longer keep whales and dolphins in captivity
Trump defends 'right' to share secrets - BBC News
Japan, US look to cut off North Korea's oil supply
Nepal bans solo climbers from Mount Everest under new rules
Families of 44 dead submarine crew react with fury as Argentine Navy confirms an explosion was recorded last week when it vanished - One widow branded the Navy "perverse b******s" for allowing family members to continue to believe their loved ones could be found alive.
Israeli pilots refuse to deport Eritrean and Sudanese migrants to Africa - I wont fly refugees to their deaths: The El Al pilots resisting deportation
Kaziranga's (Indian National Park) ruthless rangers have reduced rhino poaching by simply gunning down poachers at sight
Oil giant Shell warns public faith in fossil fuel industry is 'disappearing' and calls for carbon taxes - "Shell is to increase its spending on renewable energy to $1bn a year"
Russians, in peaceful protest, call for Putin to quit
Images digitally altered to make models look thinner must carry a warning that they have been touched up under a French law aimed at tackling anorexia that comes into force on Sunday.
China bans all online LGBT content
Trump: Even if there was collusion with Russia, 'its not a crime'
Jared Kushner had undisclosed meeting with Sergey Gorkov, the head of Russias state-owned Vnesheconombank, which has been under sanctions since the annexation of Crimea in 2014
North Korea may have launched a missile, according to reports
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi told German Chancellor Angela Merkel in talks in Berlin on Tuesday that India would stay in the Paris climate accord even if the United States pulled out
A high-level defector tells US Congress that spreading outside information in North Korea is the best way to undermine Kim Jong-un's grip on power. North Koreans "don't care about state propaganda but increasingly watch illegally imported South Korean movies and dramas."
Britain First leader is slammed for posting 'video of Muslims in London rejoicing at the Paris attacks' which was actually a Pakistani cricket celebration from 2009
Russian billionaire 'loses half his fortune' after 'divorcing Vladimir Putin's daughter'.
The North Korean mountain under which it's conducting nuclear tests is at risk of collapsing, sending radiation across the region, a Chinese scientist says
Trump sends no condolences to Mexico after it's hit by an earthquake & a hurricane & attacked the country on Twitter after it offered to help U.S. after Hurricane Harvey.
South Africa's President Zuma resigns
The President of Colombia, Juan Manuel Santos, has used his Nobel Peace Prize acceptance speech to call for the world to "rethink" the war on drugs.
Elon Musk's Falcon rocket launches successfully
Investors with $2.8 trillion in assets unite against Donald Trumps climate change denial | As US President ramps up support for fossil fuels, some of the world's biggest funds demand end to coal and oil subsidies
Healthcare study ranks Australia second best in developed world, while US comes in last
France Rejects Fear, Renews Commitment To Take In 30,000 Syrian Refugees
Top U.S. officials tell the world to ignore Trumps tweets
Donald Trump drops out of Saudi Arabia event due to 'exhaustion'
Elon Musk's massive backup battery took just 140 milliseconds to respond to crisis at power plant.
China, Japan, Russia, & South Korea have just signed a Memorandum of Understanding that seeks to create an 'Asian Super Grid'. It will transmit electrical power from various renewable sources to areas all over the world.
Trump Cancels Obama's Cuba Agreements
Former Mexican president mocks Donald Trump over golf holiday: 'If you're not happy with job, just leave'. Trump has spent 58 days out of his first 195 at the properties he owns.
Anti-poaching drive brings Siberias tigers back from brink - "The world lost 97% of its tiger population in a little over a century, but last year, WWF reported that global numbers in the wild had risen from 3,200 in 2010 to about 3,900 in 2016"
Qatar Revealed Documents Show Saudi, UAE Back Al-Qaeda, ISIS
Martin Schkreli - Turing CEO who increased the price of Aids drug by 5000% - has been arrested
Trump Administration Waives Punishment For Convicted Banks, Including Deutsche  Which Trump Owes Millions
Trump account retweets anti-Muslim videos
Petition calling on UK to cancel Trump state visit reaches 100,000 signature in less than 5 hours.
Mexico to Trump: No funding for wall, but well help Texas: Trump's tweets aren't swaying the country, but Mexican officials said they are prepared to help those impacted by Harvey.
North Korea to join Olympics in South Korea
New measurement confirms: The ozone is coming back - "All of this is evidence that the Montreal Protocol is workingthe chlorine is decreasing in the Antarctic stratosphere, and the ozone destruction is decreasing along with it."
Right for all to access the internet is non-negotiable, says Indian Minister for Law & Information Technology at global cyberspace meet
Miners who bragged about killing uncontacted Amazon tribe members now under investigation
7.3 Magnitude Earthquake hits Fukushima, Japan. 3 Meter Tsunami warning at this time (22 November, 2016, 5:59am)
Trump Supporters Tried To Arrest London's Mayor. People Laughed At Them
ISIS leader who approved sex slaves killed by U.S. airstrike
Marijuana companies caught using banned pesticides to face fines up to $1-million
China builds worlds biggest air purifier - a 328 feet-high tower that has helped reduce smog levels over an area of 3.86 square miles
North Korea accuses Trump of being 'selfish' over Paris climate pact
Truck crashes into Bastille Day crowd in Nice, France
A student found an ancient Canadian village thats 10,000 years older than the Pyramids
Canada Student Loan Repayment Relief: As of November 1, no single Canadian will have to repay their Canada Student Loan until she or he is earning at least $25,000 per year
Lawsuit claims Fox News and the White House collaborated on fake news story to deflect Russian election meddling
Official: 95 dead, 158 wounded in Afghan attack
Antigua and Barbuda PM reports 90% of Barbuda's structures have been "Totally Demolished"
Emmanuel Macron to introduce new tax on expensive jewellery, supercars and luxury yachts
A major earthquake shakes Mexico City
North Korea is sitting on 7 trillion dollars worth of minerals it can't access due to lack of technology and equipment.
German anti-vaccer wagers  100,000 to anyone proving the existance of the measles virus. Researcher sends him articles proving the virus' existance and takes him to court where he's ordered to pay the full amount.
Equifax says more private data was stolen in 2017 breach than first revealed
Pope Francis: There is 'no point' going to church if you don't really believe in it. Pope speaks out against 'Christian parrots' who talk about religion but don't do good deeds, and says forgiveness can be difficult but is necessary in all cases, including domestic violence.
SpaceXs Falcon 9 rocket successfully lands upright.
Donald Trump cancels trip to Britain amid fears he won't be welcome, say reports
French newspaper Le Monde to stop publishing pictures of terrorists to avoid 'glorifying them in death
Iranian leader urges Europe to defy 'mentally retarded' Donald Trump over nuclear pact
The One Number That Shows Why Climate Change Is Making Hurricane Season Worse: '...the air can hold 7% more water with every degree Celsius that the temperature rises.'
President Trump signs an executive order to move forward construction of Dakota Access and Keystone XL pipelines.
BBC forecasts UK votes to Leave the European Union
More than 140,000 families cut off from childcare payments for not vaccinating their kids in Australia
The German government said on Friday that it would "immediately" stop approving arms exports to anyone participating in the war in Yemen including Saudi Arabia, a major buyer of German weapons.
Donald Trump admits Sweden attack comments were based on debunked 'Fox News' report
Saudi Arabia strips religious police of arresting power
Angela Merkel says it was right to confront Donald Trump over climate change
Mexico is sending aid to Texas even as Trump insults them
Britain set for first coal-free day since the industrial revolution: The UK is set to have its first ever working day without coal power generation since the industrial revolution on Friday, according to the National Grid.
Death toll in Egypt mosque attack rises to 305
NASA officially announces Manned Mars Mission, test launch will begin tomorrow testing orbiter.
David Cameron to Resign as PM After EU Referendum
Ontario makes it illegal to protest outside and near abortion clinics - Canada
Emmanuel Macron says the world is losing the fight against climate change: 'We're not moving quick enough'
Coca-Cola to cut 1,200 jobs as consumers turn away from sugary drinks
Munich mayor extends Oktoberfest invite to US President Barack Obama -- The outgoing US president has said he would like to visit Germany's famed beer festival as a private citizen. Now, the mayor of Munich has welcomed him to do just that
Xi Jinping to China: Any harm we inflict on nature will eventually return to haunt us
Paul Manafort earned $600,000 a month from pro-Russia party, says Ukrainian report
Baltic countries agree to disconnect their power grids from Russia: Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania will connect their power grids to the European Union network through Poland, in order to reduce their dependence on Russia.
United Nations and World Health Organisation call for drugs to be decriminalised
Ukraine willing to 'provide the information we have' on Trump campaign aide, says Ukraine PM
Angela Merkel reportedly had to explain the 'fundamentals' of EU trade to Trump 11 times
Magnitude 8.0 earthquake strikes off the coast of southern Mexico
Theresa May prompts anger after telling nurse who hasn't had pay rise for eight years: 'There's no magic money tree' - Prime Minister asked whether she can 'sleep happily' while NHS staff use food banks
Judge presiding over 'El Chapo's' case shot, killed while jogging outside home
Donald Trump Jr. on Tuesday released a stunning chain of emails highlighting his conversations about setting up a controversial campaign meeting with a Russian lawyer offering compromising information on Hillary Clinton.
UN nuclear watchdog declares North Korea 'a global threat'
The Dalai Lama on terrorist attacks: "We cannot solve this problem only through prayers. ... I believe in praying. But humans have created this problem, and now we are asking God to solve it. It is illogical. So let us work for peace ... and not expect help from God, Buddha or the governments."
North Korea: Senile Donald Trump Plays Too Much Golf
China bans 553 car models in fight against smog
Worlds top 1% earn 82% of wealth generated in 2017, says Oxfam
Jared Kushner Failed to Disclose He Led a Foundation Funding Illegal Israeli Settlements Before U.N. Vote
Facebook declines to say why it deletes certain political accounts, but not others | US news
Putin expels 755 US diplomats from Russia
India: local government cuts power to 14 pharma firms after their discharge kills 200000 fish in a local lake.
Parliament shooting: Police officer and another man shot outside UK House of Commons
Donald Trump's claims his team had no contact with Russia during campaign contradicted by Moscow officials
Hospitals across England hit by large-scale cyber-attack
British officials drop plans for Donald Trump to address parliament
Pope Francis refused to equate Islam with violence saying Catholics could be just as deadly & warning Europe was pushing its young to terrorism. "I don't think it is right to equate Islam with violence. In almost every religion there's always a small group of fundamentalists. We have them too."
Lebanese army raises Spanish flag on captured ISIS hilltop paying homage to Barcelona attack victims
UK Government admits it has not done a single Impact Assessment on Brexit - LIVE now
G7 leaders blame Trump for failure to reach climate change agreement
Russia says it will ignore any UN ban of killer robots.
Haitians are urging people not to give money to the Red Cross
Canada is extending paid parental leave to 18 months.
NBC News publishes database of 200,000 deleted tweets by paid Russian agents
Trump asked then-FBI Director James Comey to end the agency's investigation into ties between former White House national security adviser Michael Flynn and Russia, according to a source who has seen a memo written by Comey.
Indian Prime Minister: "I want to tell the people of Pakistan, India is ready to fight you. If you have the strength, come forward to fight against poverty. Let's see who wins. Let's see who is able to defeat poverty and illiteracy first, Pakistan or India."
One of the world's leading investigators into the illegal trade in ivory and rhino horn has been killed in Kenya
A Canadian man rescued from Taliban: I thought my captors were kidding when they said Trump was president
In Big Win For Big Cats, China Approves National Park Larger Than Yellowstone
The Germans are bad, very bad: Trump pledges to stop German car sales to US
Theresa May will not fund sprinklers for tower blocks despite promises made to the contrary in the aftermath of the Grenfell Tower disaster
A homophobic video urging Russians to re-elect President Vladimir Putin has gone viral less than a month before the country's election. The video tells voters that if Putin's rivals win they will take Russia into a "nightmare" future in which they are forced to co-habitate with gay men.
Blackwater founder held secret Seychelles meeting to establish Trump-Putin back channel
Impeachment proceedings against President Rodrigo Duterte are expected to start on May 15
Shell launches bid to leave massive, sludgy oil rig remnants in North Sea for 500 years - 'Oil and gas companies operating in the North Sea have a legal, as well as moral, obligation to clean-up their mess,' says leading environmentalist
German police call for the 'complete decriminalization' of cannabis, saying current policy is neither 'intelligent or productive'
South Korea: President Park Geun-hye Impeached
Donald Trump attacks Pakistan claiming 'they have given us nothing but lies and deceit' in return for $33bn aid - ''They give safe haven to the terrorists we hunt in Afghanistan, with little help. No more!'
Police officer killed after hugging suicide bomber to save "countless lives" in Iraq mosque
U.S. expels 35 Russian diplomats, closes two compounds: official
Canadians elect Liberal majority. Ending Stephen Harpers 9 year rule.
French President Emmanuel Macron has pledged to shut all of his countrys coal-fired power plants by 2021. We've also decided to make France a model in the fight against climate change, Mr Macron said at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland.
Mexico said it will not pay for a border wall
Comey says Trump fired him to undermine FBI Russia investigation
Ecstasy Was Just Labelled a 'Breakthrough Therapy' For PTSD by The FDA: "It's been obvious for 40 years." - David Nutt
Chinese president Xi Jinping says a dark shadow looms over the world after years of peace
Body of Russian soldier who called in an airstrike on himself after being surrounded by IS fighters has been recovered. He was posthumously awarded the Hero of Russia medal.
US student declared dead actually 'kidnapped to teach English to Kim Jong-un'
New Dutch law makes every adult an organ donor. Netherlands narrowly passed new legislation on that will register every citizen aged 18 and over as a potential organ donor, unless they explicitly choose to opt out.
In his New Year's address, Kim Jong Un stated, "As long as there's no aggression against us, we do not intend to use nuclear powers"
France to ban all new oil and gas exploration in renewable energy drive
Jimmy Wales, the founder of online encyclopedia Wikipedia, has launched a website aimed at countering the spread of fake news by bringing together professional journalists and a community of volunteers and supporters to produce news articles
China reassigns 60,000 soldiers to plant trees in bid to fight pollution
President Trump called elephant hunting a horror show Sunday and strongly suggested he will permanently block imports of elephant trophies from two African nations despite his administrations earlier approval of the practice.
Electricity restored to 75 percent of customers in Puerto Rico.
UK admits it spied illegally for 17 years, is sorry, won't stop
Hong Kong bans ivory trade in 'historic' vote
An Indian state has passed bill that awards death penalty to anyone found guilty of rape of girls up to 12 years of age
President Vladimir Putin on Thursday accused American politicians of whipping up hysteria about a mythical Russian threat as a ploy to distract voters from their own failings in the run-up to the U.S. presidential election.
Comey: FBI investigating possible collusion between Russia, Trump
Trump administration bars Haitians from U.S. visas for low-skilled work
Vehicle driven into people in Stockholm - BBC News
Heinz toddler food loaded with so much sugar it should be deemed confectionary, court hears
South Korean President Moon Jae-in said that any military action against Kim Jong Uns regime requires his nations approval, and vowed to prevent war at all costs.
Donald Trump 'not even aware of where intelligence was from' before telling Russia, White House reveals
Uber drivers in the UK have won an employment tribunal case which ruled they are workers rather than self-employed. This means they are entitled to Holiday Pay and a minimum wage
Car bomb kills journalist who exposed Malta's links with Panama Papers
Scientists completely eliminate HIV in living animals for the first time ever
Trump will become 1st US president in nearly a century to end 1st year without hosting a state dinner, viewed as an important diplomatic tool. Yet in Asia, he boasted about the red carpets, military parades & dinners leaders held for him.
Sharks now protected no matter whose waters they swim in - A cross-border conservation pact signed by 126 countries this week promises for the first time to extend extra protection to sharks and several other migratory species, whichever countries they stray into.
'An attack on Japan is an attack on US,' says US top general
Egyptian authorities are luring gay men to hotel rooms using dating app Grindr and then arresting them, as an obsession with "penetration" and a violent crackdown on sexual minorities continues.
14 year old Boy from India made a Anti-Landmine Drone which can detect and defuse has signed a 5 crore rupees deal (50 million rupees) for production with the Indian Government
Catalonia will declare independence from Spain in a matter of days, region's leader Carles Puigdemont tells the BBC
Suicides in Japan decline for 8th-straight year amid a stronger economy and improvements in counseling programs
Russian plane missing after Moscow take off
Iran said on Sunday the London attacks were a "wake-up call" and urged Western states to go after ideological and financial sources of terrorism, state media reported, in a thinly veiled reference to Saudi Arabia.
Israel officially decriminalizes marijuana use
Twitter Lights Up After 'Too Embarrassing to Watch' Trump-Merkel Press Conference - President Donald Trump slipped up and called the U.S. a "company," ignored German Chancellor Angela Merkel's request for a handshake, and called a German press outlet "fake news"
terroist attack in egypt mosque,50 dead
Monsanto banned from European parliament
Norway considers giving mountain to Finland as 100th birthday present - Norwegian government considers shifting border to gift its Nordic neighbour a peak that would become its highest point
Leaked Govt Report: Every Brexit Option Will Hurt U.K.
Trump Jr. Was Told in Email of Russian Effort to Aid Campaign
Chaos erupts as live tick on display goes missing in a Japanese conference about tick-borne diseases.
Over 2,500 products have shrunk in size over the past five years but are being sold for the same price, official figures show.
US satellites observe North Korea moving missiles into position, Mattis warns of high alert
Ontario college cancels diploma in homeopathy
Putin praises Obama for admitting mistakes in Libya: "Firstly, this fact confirms once again that the current US president is a decent person"
Every reference to the Great Barrier Reef removed from UN report on impact of climate change after intervention from Australian government.
North Korea Has Accidentally Enabled Outside Access to its Propaganda Websites
US bombers fly close to North Korea to show "president has many military options to defeat any threat" - Pentagon
Rex Tillerson: Secretary of State used fake name Wayne Tracker to discuss climate change while Exxon Mobil CEO: Court filing comes in legal dispute in which Exxon seeks to derail probes into whether the company misled investors for years about the possible impact of global warming on its business
Israeli police say Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu should be charged over alleged bribery cases
Shots fired in Quebec City Mosque
Cook fired for "stealing" 50c worth of french fries from Burger King is awarded $46k settlement.
Erdogan says young Turks who study in West return as 'spies' - but his own children studied in US
Michael Flynn's request for immunity in Trump-Russia probe 'rejected by Senate Intelligence Committee'
Salvadoran woman has been jailed for decade since her miscarriage was ruled 'illegal abortion' has pleaded for her freedom before court revising her 30-year prison sentence - one of 31 women imprisoned in El Salvador for falling foul of anti-abortion laws that are among six most draconian on planet.
Vladimir Putin gave direct instructions to help elect Trump, report says
Russian hired 1,000 people to create anti-Clinton 'fake news' in key US states during election, Trump-Russia hearings leader reveals
U.S. Ambassador To UN Says No Lifting Of Russia Sanctions Until Crimea Returned
Elon Musk says the solar roof that will be sold under a combined Tesla-SolarCity will likely cost less than a normal roof to install.
Poland has legalized medical marijuana
Canadians Are Mad as Hell at Tim Hortons - Boycotts & pickets are some of the responses to Tim Hortons franchisees stripping paid breaks & benefits to their workers.
Rex Tillerson says sanctions on Russia will remain until Vladimir Putin hands back Crimea to Ukraine
Russians successfully hacked into U.S. voter systems, says official
Twitter suspends army of fake accounts after Trump thanks propaganda bot for supporting him
Toys R Us yesterday opened its UK stores for a quiet hour designed to accommodate the needs of children with autism. Measures included dimmed fluorescent lighting and a ban on music and in-store announcements.
After mass protests, Poland won't back total abortion ban
Trump: 'Nobody could have done what Ive done for Puerto Rico with so little appreciation'
Truck ploughs into Christmas market in Berlin, injuring several people  reports
Reports of explosions at Brussels airport
N. Korean soldier flees to S. Korea via land border
Shouting pay your taxes, activists occupy Apple retail stores across France
Theresa May protest song 'liar liar' hits No 1 on iTunes. Captain Ska's song, which calls the PM a "liar", has been banned by radio stations despite reaching No 1 on iTunes.
NYTimes: Trump Told Russians That Firing Nut Job Comey Eased Pressure From Investigation
German girl, 16, who ran away to join ISIS may yet face the death penalty as Iraqi PM warns: 'Teenagers are accountable for their actions when it amounts to killing innocent people'
"We Won't Block Pirate Bay," Swedish Telecoms Giant Says
Researchers find secret, warm oasis beneath Antarctica's ice that could be home to undiscovered life
Hackers Steal $70 Million in Bitcoin
Saudi Arabia intercepts ballistic missile over capital.
Elephants trample poacher to death, another poacher seriously injured
Trudeau announces trade agreement without U.S.
Israeli, Palestinian women march together for peace: Over 5,000 women from both Israel and the Palestinian territories have arrived in Jerusalem after a two-week march through Israel and the West Bank. They are calling for a peace deal
Canada this month took steps toward joining the United States in banning the sale of personal-hygiene products that contain tiny plastics known as microbeads.
The giant panda is no longer an endangered species, following decades of work by conservationists to save it. The official status of the much-loved animal has been changed from "endangered" to "vulnerable" because of a population rebound in China.
Farmers must stop antibiotics use in animals due to human health risk, warns WHO - Overuse of antibiotics in animals is contributing to growing drug resistance in humans with serious health implications, says global health body.
Vancouver slaps $10,000 a year tax on empty homes. Lie about it and its $10,000 a day
The British government has said that it will guarantee a legal right to high-speed internet for all homes and businesses in the U.K. by 2020.
Nestl, the biggest food company in the world, announced Thursday it will only use eggs from cage-free hens for all its food products globally by 2025
Russia organized 2 sides of a Texas protest and encouraged 'both sides to battle in the streets'
Swedish kids to learn computer coding and how to spot fake news in primary school
Hundreds of Turkish women marched in the country's biggest city Istanbul on Saturday to protest against the violence and animosity they face from men demanding they dress more conservatively. The march, dubbed "Don't Mess With My Outfit"
Six people who hid in a supermarket refrigerator during January's Islamist attacks in Paris have sued French media for broadcasting their location live during the siege
Subway advertises for Apprentice Sandwich Artists to be paid just 3.50 per hour: Union slams fast food chain for 'exploiting' young workers
Germany: Climate will last longer than Trump presidency
The suspect in the deadly attack on a Quebec City mosque was known in the citys activist circles as a right-wing troll who frequently took anti-foreigner and anti-feminist positions and stood up for U.S. President Donald Trump.
Saudi Arabia football team fail to line up for minute's silence in honour of London terror attack victims
Explosion At Airport In Istanbul
Tesla starts shipping Powerpacks to help Puerto Rico hospitals and medical centers get stable power.
276 killed in deadliest single attack in Somalias history
Australian high school students have created 3.7 grams of an active ingredient used in the medicine Daraprim for $20, which would sell in the United States for between $US35,000 and $US110,000.
Petition asks US President, Congress, DoD not to bomb Tinian and Pagan islands for military training. The US Navy has plans to bomb these islands as part of a training exercise, obliterating their rare coral ecosystems, wildlife, and important historic artifacts.
Chinese Ship Found Carrying Endangered Species from Galapagos - It was carrying 300 metric tons of frozen marine species, with endangered fish & hammerhead sharks piled down below. The area forms the largest biomass of sharks in existence.
Blast reported in St Petersburg metro - BBC News
Apple sold $4.2 billion of product in New Zealand, paid $0 local taxes. Their tax department is even more innovative than their product designers.
North Korea attempts to launch ballistic missile
French President Emmanuel Macron Offers Refuge to American Climate Scientists
Scotland considers legally enshrining the 'right to food': '...it would mean the Government and other public bodies would have a duty to ensure everyone has secure access to adequate and affordable food.'
Pope has urged having fewer children if you cannot bring them up properly, claims Vatican academy member
Trump: If North Korea Escalates Nuclear Threat, 'They Will Be Met With Fire And Fury'
China Tells Trump That Climate Change Is No Hoax It Invented
Body count rises as new Philippines president calls for drug addicts to be killed
Facebook executive denied the social network uses a device's microphone to listen to what users are saying and then send them relevant ads.
Plastic microbeads can no longer be used in cosmetics and personal care products in the UK, after a long-promised ban came into effect on Tuesday. The ban initially bars the manufacture of such products and a ban on sales will follow in July.
93 Days Later, Puerto Rico Cant Get Supplies to Turn on the Power - The goal was power by Christmas. Now its been pushed to March, because even the Army cant get what it needs.
A day without murder: no one is killed in El Salvador for first time in two years
Report: At least 200 N Koreans killed in tunnel collapse at nuclear test site
Trump claims Mexico will pay for wall  day after seeking $18bn from Congress
Jeremy Corbyn calls for Theresa May to resign as Prime Minister for presiding over police cuts while Home Secretary
There will be a huge new 'Panama Papers' data dump on May 9th
A man who sought asylum in the US more than two decades ago, graduated from the University at Buffalo and worked for the New York State Department of Transportation has just been elected president in his homeland of Somalia
China kills AI chatbots after they start praising US, criticising communists
Kremlin: We see Trump's tweets as official statements
Leading Climate-Denier Harvard Scientist Caught Accepting Bribes from Fossil-Fuel Corporations as well as the Koch Brothers.
Donald Trump asks lawyers about powers to pardon himself and his children in Russia probe, report reveals
Donald Trump 'to sign orders restricting refugee access and immigration from Muslim countries'
Trumps UK visit cancelled amid outrage over far-right tweets
Report: Putin Sanctioned Whistleblowers Murder in Paris
UK Now Consumes 50% Less Beef Than in the 70s
47 of the world's poorest countries are aiming to hit 100% renewable energy - "The idea is ... to skip from pre-industrialisation to renewables, avoiding the 'messy part' in the middle where a need for more energy to support economic growth spurs fossil fuel use to dangerously high levels."
Iceland's capital Reykjavik to switch off street lights tonight due to a forecast of unusually magnificent northern lights
Taiwan set to legalize same-sex marriages, a first in Asia
FBI has second dossier on possible Trump-Russia collusion
Van hits pedestrians near Finsbury Park Mosque in London
Jordan has a population of 6 million, but have taken in 1.5 million refugees. All with little protest or mass global coverage.
Vladimir Putin orders withdrawal of Russian troops from Syria
Trudeau bans anti-abortion groups from summer jobs funding
Comey agrees to testify in open hearing before Senate Intelligence Committee
The Church of England has called on the government to ban conversion therapy and has condemned the practice, which aims to change sexual orientation, as unethical and potentially harmful.
Jared Kushner 'tried and failed to get a $500m loan from Qatar before pushing Trump to take hard line against country'
US sanctions Iran after missile test, But Iran has said it will not yield to "useless" American threats from "an inexperienced person".
Justin Trudeau told Donald Trump he would block his countrys armed forces from buying Boeing aircraft if the US presses ahead with plans to slap import tariffs of 300 percent on Bombardier aeroplanes.
US funding for Great Lakes cleanup could be slashed by 97%, leaked document shows
Russia Says US Can't Criticize Iran Because It Crushed Occupy Wall Street and Ferguson
London breaches annual air pollution limit for 2017 in just five days | Environment
Trump building in Panama tied to Russian mafia, international crime: Reuters report
German footballer Mesut Ozil donated his 300,000 World Cup victory bonus to pay for surgery of 23 children in Brazil
In a bid to stop the killing of elephants for their tusks, world governments voted at a major conservation conference to urge the closure of all domestic ivory markets. After fierce debate -- including opposition from governments like Namibia and Japan -- the motion was adopted.
Scotland is blocking the expansion of Donald Trump's golf empire
Trump attacks San Juan mayor on Twitter
Plans by the Trump administration to promote coal as a solution to climate change at a major UN meeting have angered environmentalists
3 sanctioned Russian spy chiefs visited the US days before Trump decided against new sanctions on Russia
Solar was the cheapest source of electricity in 2016, and it will further undercut fossil fuels in 2017
Girls as young as nine are physically and spiritually ready for marriage, a Malaysian MP says, also claiming theres nothing wrong with females marrying their rapists. It comes after Malaysia failed to criminalize child marriage in a recent law.
South Korea drops eight heavy bombs near North Korea border to show 'overwhelming force'
Iraqis Use 9/11 Bill to Demand Compensation from US for 2003 Invasion
The UN just declared antibiotic resistance the greatest and most urgent global risk".
Trump tried to convince NSA chief to absolve him of any Russian Collusion: A recent NSA memo documents a phone call in which Trump pressures agency chief Admiral Mike Rogers to state publicly that there is no evidence of collusion between his campaign and Russia
Yellow Pages to stop printing directory after 51-year run
French president pardons woman convicted of killing her husband after he abused her and their children for 47 years.
Just 100 companies responsible for 71% of global emissions, study says | Guardian
Donald Trump 'tells Japanese emperor mass shootings can happen anywhere'  in country with no mass shootings
After almost 18 years of circling Earth, the International Space Station completed its 100,000th orbit on Monday.
President Donald Trump personally approved a US commando raid in Yemen that left one elite serviceman dead and may have killed an eight-year-old American girl, the US military has told the Guardian.
Trump Hotel Owner in Toronto Reaches Deal to Remove Trump Brand
Trump appears to admit Russia interfered in the US election in a tweet criticizing Obama
Russia: Trump and Kim are like 'children in a kindergarten'
The overwhelming global response to Trump's decision to pull the U.S. out of the Paris climate agreement was essentially, "Go jump in a lake" - or as one Germany tabloid succinctly phrased it in a widely circulated headline: "Earth to Trump: F*ck You!"
President Obama commutes the majority of Chelsea Mannings prison sentence
US Defence Secretary James Mattis says climate change is already destabilising the world
'I was raped every day for six months': Yazidi girl says after escaping from ISIS
Trump delivered a fiery speech on trade, declaring that he would not allow the U.S. to be taken advantage of anymore and planned to place America first. And then, less than 24 hours later, 11 Pacific Rim countries collectively shrugged and moved on without the U.S.
More than 100,000 students in Bangladesh protest against rise of Islamic extremism
Trump Calls NATO Obsolete and Dismisses EU in German Interview
Two-thirds of Britons believe Trump is 'threat to international stability'
A judge who asked an alleged rape victim why she couldnt keep her knees together is facing a public hearing to keep his job in Canada
The scale of Londons air pollution crisis was laid bare on Wednesday, with new figures showing that every person in the capital is breathing air that exceeds global guidelines for one of the most dangerous toxic particles, PM2.5, with most areas exceeding levels by at least 50%.
A 117-year-old woman in Mexico City finally received her birth certificate, and died a few hours later. Trinidad Alvarez Lira had waited years for proof that she had been born in 1898.
Germany Dismantles Huge Ring of 87,000 Members Involved in Child Abuse
Sadiq Khan: Donald Trump 'got the message' that Londoners don't want him here, says mayor
Explosion on London Underground - Parsons Green Station
Chinese Embassy in North Korea advises Chinese residents to leave North Korea
Trump Reverses Pledge To Mandate U.S. Steel For Keystone Pipeline. A Direct Beneficiary Is A Russian Oligarch With Close Ties To Vladimir Putin
Paris mayor demands black feminist festival that prohibits white people be banned
Doctors in Denmark want to ban circumcision for under-18s
Ex-intelligence chiefs: Trump is being played by Putin and US is in 'peril'
EU reaches mobile roaming deal that will allow EU citizens to use their mobile phones throughout every EU country without paying roaming fees
Anti-Corruption Protests In Russia
2 Chinese poachers jailed 30 yrs for slaughtering 226 elephants
North Korea launches a new unidentified missile as tensions with US fester
British 15-year-old gained access to intelligence operations in Afghanistan and Iran by pretending to be head of CIA, court hears
Up to 2.5 million votes could have been manipulated in Sunday's Turkish referendum that ended in a close "yes" vote for greater presidential powers, an Austrian member of the Council of Europe observer mission said
Elon Musk plans to get humans to Mars in six years: SpaceX founder tells meeting of astronautical experts that his only purpose is to make life interplanetary, revealing plans for reusable ship to Mars
Elderly passenger tosses coins into engine of Lucky Air flight. Second such incident this year.
Russia has warned North Korea that threats to deliver preventive nuclear strikes could create a legal basis for the use of military force against the country
France to scrap prison terms for cannabis users
The president of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte should be investigated for murder after boasting he "personally" killed three suspected criminals, a top United Nations official said.
Video showing 'London Muslims celebrating terror attacks' is fake. The footage actually shows British Pakistanis celebrating a cricket victory in 2009.
German arms manufacturer giant Heckler & Koch to stop doing deals with undemocratic countries or countries not under NATO-influence, ruling out deals with countries such as Saudi Arabia and Turkey
Hijab attack on girl was a hoax - Canada
Donald Trump has reportedly had trouble getting a hotel room for the upcoming G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany. His team apparently waited too long to book accommodations for the President and his travelling staff and were told none of the major hotels had vacancies
Stanford scientists said a fossil fuel phase-out is achievable that would contain climate change, deliver energy entirely from wind, water and sunlight to 139 nations, save up to 7 million lives each year &... create 24 million new jobs worldwide.
UN denounces Trump's travel ban as 'mean-spirited' and illegal under human rights law - 'Discrimination on nationality alone is forbidden under human rights law'
Mexico expels North Korean ambassador over nuclear tests
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte Declares Martial Rule in Southern Part of Country
Drug-resistant 'superbug gonorrhea' is emerging, WHO warns
Pope: It's 'terrible' kids taught they can choose gender
Mexico to Trump: We will not negotiate NAFTA through social media
Edward Snowden Mocks Cameron For Sudden Interest In Privacy After Panama Papers Leak
Queen Elizabeths entire staff called to highly unusual emergency meeting at Buckingham Palace
UK: New drivers who are caught using a phone at the wheel will lose their licence under new legislation that comes into force today.
Brazil's Supreme Court has banned corporate contributions to political campaigns and parties
Canada to become first G7 nation to legalize marijuana: government
Adidas shoe manufacture returns to Germany, fully automated instead of relying on human labour in Asia
German parliament legalises cannabis for medical consumption
At least 68 children among 126 killed' in bus bombing
At least 30 dead after US air strike hits Syrian school where civilians had taken shelter
Trophy hunter killed while aiming rifle at lion in South Africa: Pero Jelinic, 75, was struck by a stray bullet from a fellow hunters rifle right after he had killed one lion and was preparing his shot to kill another nearby
Shots fired at Parliament in Canada
Police say there are grounds for corporate manslaughter charges over the Grenfell Tower fire that killed at least 80
Prime Minister of Pakistan Nawaz Sharif disqualified by Supreme Court due to corruption exposed in Panama Papers
Nightclubs to offer free drug-testing booths to check purity of cocaine and MDMA
Swedish military and foreign-affairs officials have said they know nothing about a man who appeared on Fox News in the US billed as a Swedish defence and national security advisor.
For the first time in the history of Kyrgyzstan, an elected president is due to peacefully hand over power after elections take place
Catalonia firefighters form human shield to protect referendum voters from riot police
Catalan referendum: Riot police 'fire rubber bullets' at crowd as they block voters at besieged polling stations
U.K. Prime Minister Theresa Mays director of strategy has resigned, leaving the British government without the authors of her Brexit vision
FBI 'warned MI5 in January that Salman Abedi was planning terror attack in UK'
France says it has proof Assad carried out chemical attack that killed 86
Only Sweden, Germany and France are pursuing Paris climate goals, says study
Mexico's 'avengers' backed by public sick of crime and lack of punishment: A wave of vigilante killings  such as the bus passenger who shot four robbers  has struck a chord with Mexicans fed up with crime, corruption and impunity
Anger grows as Puerto Rico misses power restoration deadline
The Amazon rainforest is being burned down faster than ever before to plant fields of corn and soy for processed foods
China introduces progressive sex ed curriculum, includes pro LGBTQ+ comments and gender equality.
Wednesday, August 2, 2017, is Earth Overshoot Day: The day on which mankind consumed more natural resources than the planet can renew throughout the whole of the year.
It's now illegal in England and Wales to smoke in cars with kids inside
Both of Istanbul's Bosphorus bridges are closed
Theresa May accused of being 'Donald Trump's mole' in Europe after leaked documents show UK tried to water down EU climate change policy
Drug lord Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman has been extradited from Mexico to the United States, foreign ministry says
Germany recognizes the Armenian Genocide
Pope Francis said Monday that "many powerful people don't want peace because they live off war". "Some powerful people make their living with the production of arms. It's the industry of death".
British govt poo-poos winning 'Boaty McBoatface' name for ship - After Internet users overwhelmingly voted to christen Britain's new $300 million research ship "Boaty McBoatface" in an online naming poll, a govt official suggests the name won't be used.
U.S. President Donald Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin held a second, previously undisclosed meeting at the G20 summit
FBI acting boss Andrew McCabe stands by Russia probe - BBC News
France Drops 20 Bombs On IS Stronghold Raqqa
Russia tells White House it will not return Crimea to Ukraine
Philippine Congress Gives Human Rights Commission $20 Budget for 2018
Helicopter 'attacks' Venezuelan court - BBC News
Pope tells women to feel free to breastfeed in church
Brazil abolishes huge Amazon reserve in 'biggest attack' in 50 years
The deadly plague epidemic that has rocked the island of Madagascar could reach mainland Africa. The outbreak, which has been described the worst in 50 years' and has now reached "crisis" point, has prompted World Health Organization officials to place nine African countries on high alert.
Speedo USA Drops Sponsorship of Ryan Lochte Amid Scandal, donates Lochte's $50k fee to children in Brazil
MP Jo Cox dead after shooting attack
Berlin mayor to Donald Trump: 'Don't build this wall'
Peru's President Tells Trump He Prefers 'Bridges to Walls'
Wikipedia is blocked in Turkey
Far-right extremist is arrested for plotting to shoot French President Emmanuel Macron in front of Donald Trump on Bastille Day after trying to buy an AK-47 online
Iranian Chess Grandmaster Dorsa Derakhshani switches to US after being banned from national team for refusing to wear hijab
'Shots fired' in Munich shopping centre
'Climate change is real': companies challenge Trump's reversal of policy: Mars Inc, Staples, The Gap and others speak out against Trumps sweeping executive order that begins to dismantle Obamas Clean Power Plan
Costa Rica celebrates 113 days of 100-percent renewable energy (and counting)
Donald Trump state visit: MPs of all parties demand 'disgusting' US President's trip be cancelled | Debate in Westminster Hall triggered after a petition to block state visit reaches almost two million signatories
Al Gore: 'I tried my best' but Trump can't be educated on climate change: Gore accused Trump of surrounding himself with the absolute worst of climate deniers...
New Trump-Russia emails could establish a 'devastating' legal entanglement for Paul Manafort: The emails show a campaign foreign-policy adviser's efforts to set up a meeting between Trump, then a candidate, and Putin.
Zimbabwe's President Mugabe 'resigns'
Paul Manafort, Who Once Ran Trump Campaign, Told to Surrender
Germany warns Erdogan's bodyguards to stay away from Hamburg G20
Canadian Prime Minister's office asks Fox News to retract 'misleading' tweet about Quebec mosque shooting
Alan Turing law unveiled by government will posthumously pardon thousands of gay men convicted of historic offences: The Enigma codebreaker's great neice says Government decision is 'absolutely tremendous'
Iraq to hang 36 ISIS fighters for massacre of 1,700 captives who were told they were going home
Universal healthcare coverage law approved in Egypt
Donald Trump tells Theresa May to focus on 'radical Islamic terrorism' - not his Britain First tweets
Theresa May says the internet must now be regulated following London Bridge terror attack
Mikhail Gorbachev: 'It All Looks As If the World Is Preparing for War'
Russian soldier surrounded by ISIS calls in airstrikes on himself
Chickens raised in India for food have been dosed with some of the strongest antibiotics known to medicine: Warning over wider global health impacts after findings reveal thousands of tonnes of colostin - the antibiotic of last resort - are being shipped to Indias farms.
$122 Million in Cash Found in Apartment Belonging to Acting Head of Russia's Anti-Corruption Agency
UN solution for a pollution free planet: polluters should pick up the bill. The profit of destroying nature or polluting the planet is nearly always privatized, while the costs of polluting the planet or the cost of destroying ecosystems is nearly always socialized,
US military has launched more than 50 missiles aimed at Syria
Police were called when a protest erupted at a school in North Yorkshire after students were limited to two toilet breaks a day.
President Trump shoved the Montenegro prime minister at NATO
More than 40 Islamic countries just met and vowed to wipe terrorism off the map
North Korea to send about 230 cheerleaders to Olympics for its 2 competing athletes.
Tony Blair confirms he is working to reverse Brexit
Switzerland Votes to Keep Nuclear
Donald Trump says he wants to expand US nuclear arsenal, make it 'top of the pack'
Malaysian Plane crashes over the Ukraine
A gay couple has been detained by Moscow police in Russia after leaving flowers and a sign with "Love wins" written on it outside the US embassy. Russian law bans protests over gay rights, and LGBT people in the country suffer severe discrimination and homophobia.
Merkel condemns 'disgusting' far-right violence in US
China wants to give all of its citizens a score  and their rating could affect every area of their lives: The Communist Party wants to encourage good behaviour by marking all its people using online data. Those who fall short will be denied basic freedoms like loans or travel
Conservative party fail to secure a majority resulting in a hung parliament in the 2017 Election
King of Sweden stresses need for serious media and source checking after Donald Trumps immigration claims
Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak says the NSA whistleblower gave up his own life . . . to help the rest of us".
Scientists in Denmark say that the country now has its first pack of wolves in over 200 years
Russia challenges US to prove election hacking claims or shut up
Slovenia adds water to constitution as fundamental right for all
Police will be deployed to a village in Mexico after an invitation to a girl's birthday party went viral and 1.2 million people said they would attend.
German president: Immigrants must reject anti-Semitism, its non-negotiable
Myanmar soldiers were seen "stabbing babies, cutting off boys heads, gang-raping girls, shooting 40-millimeter grenades into houses, burning entire families to death, and rounding up dozens of unarmed male villagers and summarily executing them"
Norway pledges $10 million to counter Trump's global anti-abortion move
Climate-denying nominee for Trump's top USDA science post gets caught in Russia controversy: 'as national co-chairman of the Trump campaign, Clovis had encouraged George Papadopoulos to meet with Russian nationals in a potential effort to bolster the campaign.'
Hundreds join pride march in India, where gay sex is illegal
France has become the first country in the world to ban supermarkets from throwing away or destroying unsold food, forcing them instead to donate it to charities and food banks.
Prime Minister Theresa May has been accused of a dereliction of duty after revealing that climate change has been excluded from her top priorities at this weekends G20 summit.
In a hidden room in a house near Argentina's capital, police believe they have found the biggest collection of Nazi artifacts in the country's history.
"A massacre": At least 30 children die in Indian hospital after oxygen cut off over unpaid bill
Hawaii officials say 'false alarm' on alert about inbound ballistic missile
Torture used by U.S. military at Guantanamo Bay despite being banned, UN says
Huge explosion reported in Chinese port city of Tianjin
The World Has Never Seen an Oil Spill Like This - A tanker that sank off the Chinese coast was carrying condensate, a mix of molecules with radically different properties than crude.
Saudi prince to give away $32bn. He said he had been inspired by the Gates Foundation, set up by Bill and Melinda Gates in 1997. The money would be used to "foster cultural understanding", "empower women", and "provide vital disaster relief", among other things, he said.
Great Barrier Reef at 'terminal stage': scientists despair at latest bleaching data.
Sean Spicer: White House is no longer taking question on Trump and Russia
India sues Nestle for nearly $100m because lead shouldn't be in noodles.
Victims 'told not to report' Jehovah's Witness child abuse
'Many wounded' in Istanbul nightclub attack
Donald Trump's new ambassador to Netherlands struggles to defend claim Muslims 'burned' Dutch politicians
Facebook users will be given new legal right to delete all posts they made as teenagers in the UK
Isis to be cut off from rest of world 'within hours' as Turkish-backed rebels close in
New drug clears fat from arteries in one dose. If effective in humans it could prevent the greatest cause of death in western countries, heart attacks and ischemic strokes
Egyptian state media claims 9/11 was carried out by West to justify war on terror
CCTV captures the moment 'an election official stuffs a pile of voting papers in to a ballot box' in Russia as Putin's party sweeps to victory amid claims of vote-rigging
Declassified documents detail 9/11 commission's inquiry into Saudi Arabia, Chilling story of the Saudi diplomat who, many on the commissions staff believed, had been a ringleader of a Saudi government spy network inside the US that gave support to at least two of the 9/11 hijackers
FEMA restores deleted Puerto Rico stats after uproar
Scientists discover 91 volcanoes below Antarctic ice sheet - Uncover the largest volcanic region on Earth  2 kilometres below the surface of the vast ice sheet that covers west Antarctica.
David Cameron personally intervened to prevent tax crackdown on offshore trusts
Czech President holds up machine gun marked 'for journalists' during press conference
North Korea has vowed to accelerate its nuclear weapons programme to maximum pace and test a nuclear device at any time in response to Donald Trumps aggressive stance towards the regime. The warning came as US military officials said a controversial missile defence system was now operational
Trump Jr. And Kellyanne Conway Were Personally Involved In Spreading Russian Propaganda During Election
Huge Inferno in West London tower block
20 million people are starving and the media only cares about Trump says UN
SpaceX successfully lands its rocket on a floating drone ship for the first time
Saudi women file petition to end male guardianship system - BBC News
Austrias president was forced to intervene after the first child to be born in the country in 2018 was subjected to a torrent of racist online abuse when it emerged the new-born's parents were Muslim.
Exclusive - Trump border 'wall' to cost $21.6 billion, take 3.5 years to build: Homeland Security internal report
Beijing has issued its first ever Red Alert over smog, and the city is going into complete shutdown
Family forced to pay extra $4,000 for new tickets after Air Canada bars them from flight
German government agrees to ban fracking indefinitely
More than 30 Russian athletes withdrew from a tournament in Siberia over the weekend after the unannounced arrival of anti-doping officials
Airstrike destroys Doctors Without Borders hospital in Aleppo, killing staff and patients
Swedish embassy offers to 'inform' Donald Trump on country's immigration and integration policies
Bodies of slain children wash up on Bangladesh shores as Rohingya genocide continues in Myanmar
A Chinese billionaire may have hidden 6% of the world's aluminum in the Mexican desert
Pope says Church should ask forgiveness from gays for past treatment
Kim Jong-un orders 600,000 out of Pyongyang
Mueller urges judge to deny Manafort's request to lift house arrest
NASA has completed the $8.7 billion James Webb space telescope - Hubble's successor is ready for testing ahead of the October, 2018 launch - It's equipped with a 21-foot, gold-coated mirror array that can collect seven times more light than Hubble and scan the infrared spectrum to see through dust.
Cologne rally: As many as 10,000 Muslims to protest Islamic extremism
Wikipedia bans the Daily Mail as a source for being 'unreliable'
The solar system appears to have a new ninth planet. Today, two scientists announced evidence that a body nearly the size of Neptunebut as yet unseenorbits the sun every 15,000 years.
Theresa May's chief of staff 'sat on' report warning high-rise blocks like Grenfell Tower were vulnerable to fire - Mirror Online
China declares war on ISIS after terrorists 'execute Chinese hostage'
Apple blocking ads that follow users around web is 'sabotage', says industry: New iOS 11 and macOS High Sierra will stop ads following Safari users, prompting open letter claiming Apple is destroying internets economic model
"No Religion" Is Now Australia's Number One Religion
North Korea Calls Trump Nuclear Button Tweet the 'Spasm of a Lunatic'
After 37 years, Voyager 1 has fired up its trajectory thrusters
240-year-old nautical maps show coral loss is much worse than we knew. Half of the reefs recorded in the 1770s are missing from the satellite data.
France warns Belgium not to print 2 coin commemorating French defeat at Waterloo, so Belgium prints it on a 2.50 coin instead
Ontario parents who object to vaccines could be forced to take a class in science of immunization.
Eating Endangered Species Is Now Illegal In China
Donald Trump confuses French translators with mixed-up speeches: 'Trumps vocabulary is limited, his syntax is broken; he repeats the same phrases over and over'
Scientists have identified that mysterious, metallic sound coming from the Mariana Trench - According to a new study, the eerie 3.5-second recording that was picked up by an autonomous vehicle deep in the Mariana Trench is a new type of baleen whale call that no one has ever heard before
Swiss politician says hijab should be banned from passports - claims it is 'unequal treatment' that headscarves are allowed in passport photos while headbands and caps are not
First Object Teleported from Earth to Orbit: Researchers in China have teleported a photon from the ground to a satellite orbiting more than 500 kilometers above
Italy passes law to encourage all supermarkets to give unsold food to needy: 'The food currently wasted in Europe could feed 200 million people,' says the UN Food and Agricultural
US diplomat arrested after 'taking cash and gifts from Chinese spies'
US spies caught Russian officers bragging about causing chaos in the election 6 months before the vote
Catalan President suspends declaration of independence until after talks have taken place.
The DNC called for Trump to fire his son-in-law Jared Kushner from his position as a White House senior adviser in light of reports that he attempted to establish a private communications channel between the president's transition team and Moscow.
Suicide at Chinese iPhone factory reignites concern over working conditions
Women burn burqas, men cut beards as Syrian town celebrates IS ouster
Donald Trump appears to invent Sweden terror attack during Florida rally speech
In hurry-up mode while Obama is president, 60 nations have agreed to global climate accord
Canada's highest court upholds ruling that Donald Trump did mislead investors
NASA discovers another Earth like planet in the Milky Way galaxy - Planet Kepler-452b, the first near-Earth-size world to be found in the habitable zone of star that is similar to our sun.
Council branded 'inhumane' after installing metal bars on benches to stop homeless people sleeping on them - Charity says Bournemouth council's 'hostile' strategy is 'a sad indictment of how we treat the most vulnerable people in our society'.
Italy bans all animals in circuses
Bing translates Daesh as Saudi Arabia, angers entire Kingdom
Yahoo discloses hack of 1 billion accounts
An Iraqi man, Naijh Al-Baldawi hugs ISIS suicide bomber absorbing the blast. Saving the targeted shine and countless lives.
Malaria vaccine discovered
Jeremy Corbyn calls for Donald Trump to be banned from UK visit until Muslim ban is lifted
Thousands of Russians packed streets in Moscow on Sunday to mark the second anniversary of Putin critic Boris Nemtsov's death. Nemtsov, 55, was shot in the back while walking with his Ukrainian girlfriend in central Moscow on February 28, 2015.
Hole accidentally cut in U.K. museum floor reveals stairs to hidden tomb of five archbishops
Group calls for free movement between Canada, U.K., Australia and New Zealand.
EgyptAir Flight MS804 disappears from radar during Paris-Cairo flight
Worst-ever coral bleaching event goes into unprecedented 4th year: Sea surface temperatures are so high that Australia divers are already reporting new bleaching in the part of the Great Barrier Reef where last yr 1/2 of corals died.
German politicians approve new law making it illegal to have sex with prostitutes without a condom
German Vice Chancellor Gabriel:'Saudi Arabia must stop financing Wahabi Mosques throughout the world. They are a breeding ground of Terrorism. In Germany many extremists considered dangerous persons emerge from these communities. I say to them that the time of looking the other way is over.'
Hezbollah denounces Barcelona terrorist attack, says killing people is against religion and "targeting peaceful civilians defaces Islam"
Mexico speeds up cannabis legalization, patients are expected to have access to medical cannabis products in the first quarter of 2018
Chinese foreign minister: In a fight between China and the US 'both sides will lose and both sides cannot afford that'
58 Die In Attack On Syrian Town Where Toxic Gas And Shelling Were Reported
Family: Otto Warmbier Dies After Release From North Korea
Obama cancels meeting with new Philippine President Duterte
Russia is reportedly going around sanctions and supplying North Korea with fuel
Russian lobbyist admits meeting Donald Trump Jr in 2016
Paris attacks: The eight terror suspects named so far are not refugees and all have EU passports
Trump Tower meeting with Russians 'treasonous', Bannon says in explosive book: Theyre going to crack Don Junior like an egg on national TV"
UAE's Sheikh Mohammed fills his private plane with $354,000 of supplies and sends to Haiti
Quebec Judge issues $1 fine for possessing 30 cannabis plants, calls marijuana laws obsolete
Washington DC has renamed the street the Russian embassy sits on after a murdered Russian opposition politician.
Almost one million families to be hit by Theresa May's plan to end free school lunches, think tank warns - The Prime Minister has been branded "the lunch snatcher" over plans which the Education Policy Institute claims could cost hard-working families up to 440 a year
Teen girl sent by Boko Haram rips off suicide vest, refuses to bomb refugee camp
Two years after Ireland introduced some of the strictest laws in the world on lobbying transparency, the reforms are being held up as the gold standard for policymakers looking to shine a light on the often murky world of influence peddling.
China censors Panama Papers online discussion
Elon Musk launches Neuralink, a venture to merge the human brain with AI
A dissident musician dubbed the 'Lady Gaga' of Vietnam was locked in her home by plainclothes police Saturday after she flashed a sign reading "Piss on you Trump" as the US president arrived in town for a state visit
World's richest 1% have as much wealth as bottom 50%, study finds | Inequality
The richest 1% of Indians now own 58.4% of wealth
US has not declared war on North Korea and the suggestion is absurd, says White House
Pharmaceuticals CEO who raised HIV drug price by 5,000% 'also hiked cost of pill taken by children with incurable kidney disease'
British neo-nazi group 'to be classed as terror organisation and banned' in unprecedented move
Canada Legalizes Physician-Assisted Dying
The US state department has instructed New York City's chief medical examiner not to disclose the cause of death of Russia's ambassador to the United Nations
Russian ambassador to Ankara Andrey Karlov attacked by unidentified gunmen
Twitter Was Warned Repeatedly About This Fake Account Run By A Russian Troll Farm And Refused To Take It Down: The account was one of hundreds created by Russia's Internet Research Agency and drew 136,000 followers by tweeting divisive messages in the name of the Tennessee Republican Party.
We just broke the record for hottest year, 9 straight times | Earths record hottest 12 consecutive months were set in each month ending in September 2015 through May 2016
Immigrants should be made to learn English on arrival to help integration in UK, parliamentary report finds
Britain just passed the "most extreme surveillance law ever passed in a democracy"
North Korea says it may 'reduce the US mainland to ashes any moment'
Justin Trudeau to Facebook: Fix your fake news problem  or else
Turkey scraps theory of evolution from school curriculum
Advanced CIA firmware has been infecting Wi-Fi routers for years: 'Home routers from 10 manufacturers, including Linksys, DLink, and Belkin, can be turned into covert listening posts that allow the CIA to monitor and manipulate incoming and outgoing traffic and infect connected devices.'
Russia has secretly deployed a cruise missile that violates an arms treaty: NYT report
Trump is using money donated to his re-election campaign and the RNC to pay for his lawyers in the probe of alleged Russian interference in the U.S. election
British Columbia to Ban Grizzly Bear Trophy Hunting
Under Trump, a majority of Canadians dislike the U.S. for the first time in at least 35 years.
Sepp Blatter resigns. Calls for new election.
Stephen Hawking announces he is voting Labour: 'The Tories would be a disaster' - 'Another five years of Conservative government would be a disaster for the NHS, the police and other public services'
Passenger plane carrying at least 60 people crashes in mountainous area of central Iran
Finnish citizens given universal basic income report lower stress levels and greater incentive to work
Trump administration 'had a secret plan to lift Russian sanctions' and cede Ukraine territory to Moscow
Trump admits to knowing Flynn lies to the FBI when he asked Comey to stop investigation.
Australian nurses who spread anti-vaccination messages face prosecution
Turkey slams US over aggressive acts against bodyguards
South Korean President Park Geun-hye has called on North Koreans to abandon their country and defect, just a day after a soldier walked across the heavily fortified border into the South
Jared Kushner, Donald Trump Jr and Paul Manafort are to testify before the US Senate next week
Leaked document reveals Facebook conducted research to target emotionally vulnerable and insecure youth
The largest strike in human history is taking place in India. 180 million members of large unions are protesting against privitization.
Putin offers political asylum to James Comey, citing potential prosecution in U.S.
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange reportedly "gave excuse after excuse" for refusing to publish a trove of documents related to corruption within the Russian government
Denied: Afghanistan's All-Girl Robotics Team Can't Get Visas To The US
Justin Trudeau has officially ordered Canada's Justice Minister to start the weed legalization process
Vladimir Putins former media czar was murdered in Washington, DC on the eve of a planned meeting with the U.S. Justice Department, according to two FBI agents whose assertions cast new doubts on the US governments official explanation of his death.
Every Single Building Tested After Grenfell Tower - 120 Total - Has Failed Fire Safety Checks
Trump on North Korean leader: 'Obviously, he's a pretty smart cookie'
Teen jailed for life for plotting bomb attack at Elton John concert in London
A leading member of a group advising Pope Francis on how to root out sex abuse in the Catholic Church quit in frustration on Wednesday, citing "shameful" resistance within the Vatican.
Le Pen charged over funding scandal
France will press its G7 partners this month to launch an "irreversible" process to control the prices of new medicines, part of a global drive to make life-saving drugs more affordable
David Cameron admits he did have a stake in father Ian Cameron's offshore investment fund
Saudi Arabia has told the Obama administration that it will sell off hundreds of billions of dollars worth of American assets held by the kingdom if Congress passes a bill that would allow the Saudi government to be held responsible in American courts for any role in the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks.
Rio Olympics: US swimmer Ryan Lochte and three others robbed - BBC News
Horrific animal suffering revealed at farm used by producer of Spanish sausages sold in Morrisons and on Amazon UK
Champs Elyses in Paris closed, reports of 2 police officers shot.
Cocaine with a street value of up to 50 million euros (42m) has been discovered at a Coca-Cola plant in France.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half-brother killed in Malaysia, say reports
CIA says Russia intervened to help Trump win White House: Washington Post
French tourist prevents a bus with 21 passengers from plunging over a 100m (328ft) cliff in the Austrian Alps after the driver, 76, passed out. The passenger leapt from his seat as the vehicle crashed through the wooden roadside guardrail and applied the brake, leaving the bus hanging over the edge.
UN: We are well on our way to the sixth global extinction of species in the history of the planet, and States are still failing to halt the main drivers of biodiversity loss, including habitat destruction, poaching and climate change.
White House reverses travel ban on green card holders
At least 83 killed, 176 wounded in separate bombings across Baghdad
Super-rich Swiss village opts for 200,000 fine instead of accepting 10 refugees
South Sudan president says soldiers who rape should be shot
Congress wants Trump Jr. phone records related to Russia meeting
Barrel of Oil now cheaper than an actual Barrel to put the oil in.
Greek news sites are reporting that Aristotle's tomb was found.
Canadian Forces reply to Trumps transgender ban: Everyones welcome here
Theresa May chased from church as angry crowd brands Prime Minister a 'coward'
Tehran Police Say Women Will No Longer Be Arrested For Violating 'Islamic' Dress Code
China announces sanctions on North Korea
Ten dead, 30 injured in blast outside park in Pakistan's Lahore
Thousands sign petition for royal family to pay for Buckingham Palace repairs themselves
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny detained by police at Moscow rally (Navalny on Twitter)
Montreal police tracked journalist's iPhone: I was living in the fiction that police officers wouldnt dare do that, and in the fiction that judges were protecting journalists -- and hence the public -- against this type of police intrusion, Lagace said. Clearly, I was naive.
Ten african countries vow to recreate 100 million hectares of lost jungle, twice the size of Europe. World bank & Germany announces funding
Israel is boycotting a film festival in Paris which plans to screen "Foxtrot", an acclaimed drama which depicts the Israeli army covering up the deaths of Palestinian teenagers.
Report Names Russian General Caught on Tape in Downing of MH17
Donald Trump accused of obstructing satellite research into climate change - Republican-controlled Congress ordered destruction of vital sea-ice probe
Pope Francis reveals new church law to deal with paedophile priests: Catholic bishops who fail to sack paedophile priests can be removed from office
Two-thirds of Australians think reef crisis is 'national emergency'  poll: Overwhelming majority of people agree the government should legislate to stop chemicals polluting the Great Barrier Reef
Legal Weed sales in Canada expected to surpass alcohol
Elon Musk issues a stark warning about A.I., calls it a bigger threat than North Korea: Tesla's billionaire CEO renewed his critique of artificial intelligence, saying that if you're not concerned, 'you should be.'
Rio chefs use leftover Olympic food to feed the poor
The Secret Correspondence Between Donald Trump Jr. and Wikileaks
Scotland Rejects Fracking, Citing Overwhelming Public Opposition
Subway has announced its intention to sue the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation alleging the network aired a program falsely claiming the companys chicken contains around 50 percent soy. The CBC refuses to retract its claim or apologize.
Russia is in possession of an underwater nuclear drone capable of carrying a 100-megaton nuclear warhead, a recently leaked draft of the Pentagon's Nuclear Posture Review confirmed.
US Journalist, James Foley, beheaded by ISIS "Warning to America".
U.S. says Exxon under Tillerson violated Russia sanctions in 2014
N.K. threatens to fire four missiles toward Guam
Many millions of Muslims 'fundamentally incompatible with the modern world', says Tony Blair
North Korean elite is turning against Kim Jong-un, says defector
Microsoft Corp said on Wednesday it will begin warning users of its Outlook.com email service when the company suspects that a government has been trying to hack into their accounts.
U.N. Chief Admits He Removed Saudi Arabia From Child-Killer List Due to Extortion
Billionaire hedge fund managers have called on Puerto Rico to lay off teachers and close schools so that the island can pay them back the billions it owes. It accused the island, where 56% of children live in poverty, of spending too much on education
Al Gore drops "An Inconvenient Sequel" trailer on same day as Trump's energy order.
Former Controversial Toronto Mayor Rob Ford Has Died
Emmanuel Macron: French president announces 'fake news' law - "We will develop our legal system to protect democracy from this fake news."
Alexandre Bissonnette identified as suspect in #QuebecShooting. Mohamed Khadir, originally identified as a suspect, has now been named as a witness.
Unpaid internships damage long-term graduate pay prospects | Almost every graduate taking an unpaid internship can expect to be worse off three years later than if they had gone straight into work.
Australia offers to help US with gun reform
Highest-paid CEOs run worst-performing companies, research finds
Apple pledges to stop mining raw materials and use 100% reusable material
U.S. is only country to holdout on Paris climate pledge at G7 summit
North Korea appears to have fired ballistic missile
Massive paedophile ring uncovered by police in Norway after arrest of 51 men
South Korea says it will send aid to North Korea during its worst drought in a century under one condition -- just ask for it
Former MI6 agent Christopher Steele's frustration as FBI sat on Donald Trump Russia file for months: Steele was so concerned by revelations he worked without payment after Trump's election victory in November
Venezuela opposition banned from election
Gay US Olympians dig in on feud with vice president: 'Eat your heart out, Pence'
Pressure mounts on Facebook to release campaign ads bought by Russia: Facebook was secretly paid to host illegal political ads as part of an illegal foreign influence effort"
Another drug Cycloserine sees a 2000% price jump overnight as patent sold to pharmaceutical company. The ensuing backlash caused the companies to reverse their deal. Expert says If it weren't for all of the negative publicity the original 2,000 per cent price hike would still stand.
Trump signs executive order to keep Guantanamo Bay prison open
WikiLeaks publishes docs showing that the NSA bugged meetings between Ban Ki-Moon and Merkel, Netanyahu, Berlusconi, between key EU and Japanese ministers discussing their secret trade red-lines at WTO negotiations, as well as details of a private meeting between Sarkozy, Merkel and Berlusconi
Mass protest in Seoul against South Korean President
Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster conducts legal wedding in New Zealand - A pastarafian couple in New Zealand has become the first to "tie the noodly knot" in a legally recognized ceremony officiated by an ordained "ministeroni" from the Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster.
White House to Congress: Russia sanctions not needed now
Portugal MP Calls for Cannabis to be Legalised, Sold at Street Value, to "End Traffickers' Business"
Chile rejects iron mine to protect penguins
Top EU Court Rules Uber Should Be Regulated Like a Taxi Company
Oxygen is disappearing from the world's oceans at an alarmingly rapid pace
India Has Planted Nearly 50 Million Trees In 24 Hours
Ed Miliband says Panama Papers show wealth does not trickle down
Vaping is 95% safer than smoking and could lead to the demise of the traditional cigarette, Public Health England (PHE) has said in the first official recognition that e-cigarettes are less damaging to health than smoking tobacco.
Australia has the most expensive internet in the world because big players Telstra and Optus are so powerful they can charge huge rates, an internet security company claims
UK millennials suffer worst falls in incomes of any nationality apart from Greece, report reveals
Accusing Facebook of discriminating against "quality" content and accelerating spread of "fake news" with its newly-unveiled algorithm, Brazil's largest newspaper Folha de S. Paulo has announced it will no longer publish its articles on social media platform.
After convincing China to give up shark fin soup, Yao Ming sets out to save Africa's elephants from the ivory trade
France to force big supermarkets to give away unsold food to charity
Powerful 7.4 earthquake strikes near Christchurch, New Zealand - BBC News
Canada should allow people aged 18 and up to buy recreational marijuana through a wide range of retail options, according to a government-commissioned report that lays out groundwork for legalizing the drug.
Volkswagen has admitted to using software on VW and Audi branded cars to cheat U.S. diesel emissions tests, shares plunge more than 20 percent.
North Korea says Trump has 'lit the wick of war' and that it is ready to 'settle the final score with a hail of fire'
Bus full of Chinese basketball reporters caught in roadside gunfight on the way to Olympic Village in Rio
Facebook VP says Russian meddling aimed to divide America and it's working 'incredibly well'
Duterte tells Canada's Trudeau to 'lay off' the 'bullsh*t' after criticism of the Philippines' deadly war on drugs
Opposition supporters rally across Russia, calling Putin to quit
Germany warns its citizens against travel to Turkey
Every Month This Year Has Been the Hottest in Recorded History
UN experts denounce 'myth' pesticides are necessary to feed the world. The report says pesticides have catastrophic impacts on the environment, human health and society as a whole"
Obama rejects Keystone XL project, citing climate concerns
Julian Assange's internet link has been intentionally severed by a state party
UK Bristol police taser their own black race relations adviser after mistaking him for wanted man
S. Korea media: Seoul military says N. Korea appears to be readying launch of a ballistic missile, possibly an ICBM
Trump: US could use some good old Global Warming to heat up cold states
Exxon Urges Trump To Stay In Paris Climate Agreement
Brazilian congress votes to impeach president Dilma Rousseff
'Hangover-free alcohol could replace all regular alcohol by 2050. The new drink, known as 'alcosynth', is designed to mimic the positive effects of alcohol but doesnt cause a dry mouth, nausea and a throbbing head
$100B invested in wind or solar will now produce more energy than the same investment in oil
Pope washes feet of Muslim migrants, says We are brothers "In his homily, Francis said: 'We have different cultures and religions, but we are brothers and we want to live in peace.'"
14,000-year-old village unearthed on B.C. island by UVic student. Oldest Settlement in North America.
BP CEO to get $3.3 million raise after 12,000 layoffs
Germany Just Abolished College Tuition Fees | ThinkProgress
Saudi Arabia has 'clear link' to UK extremism, report says - BBC News
Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and UAE cut diplomatic ties with Qatar, accusing it of creating instability in region
Uruguay legalises sale of recreational cannabis
Russians Flock to Trump Properties to Give Birth to U.S. Citizens - While the president rails against children of undocumented immigrants, wealthy Russians rent his condosat huge costsso they can have American kids.
Trump just said the US sold Norway F-52s  but no such aircraft exists
Tory MP 'told schoolgirl to "f*** off back to Scotland" when she said she'd vote for independence' - Conservative candidate James Heappey insists foul-mouthed outburst in front of schoolchildren was intended only as a joke
WikiLeaks releases 300k Turkey govt emails in response to Erdogans post-coup purges
'Decriminalise personal drug use to free up prison space', say Lib Dems: Party believes criminalisation of low level users is behind jail overcrowding
Danish green energy giant Dong said on Thursday it was pulling out of coal use, burning another bridge to its fossil fuel past after ditching oil and gas. Dong is the biggest wind power producer in Europe.
Paris will cut the number of cars on the road in half beginning Monday and is making public transit free to combat a spike in pollution that has obscured even the Eiffel Tower under a smoggy haze
'I should have used both hands': German minister defends giving neo-Nazi protesters the finger
Macron denounces his country's collaboration in the Holocaust, and lashed out at right-wing nationalists who still downplay the French role in the deaths of tens of thousands of Jews.
The robots sent into Fukushima have "died". As soon as they get close to the reactors, the radiation destroys their wiring and renders them useless,
"We Don't Want to Repress": Police in Honduras Refuse Orders to Stamp Out Pro-Democracy Protests - "We are tired. And our job is to give peace & security to the Honduran people, not repress them. We want all Hondurans to be safe."
Wife of hospitalized Putin critic: My husband was poisoned
Kremlin fears meddling as Russian youth say 'enough of Putin'
19-year-old female Kurdish fighter Asia Ramazan Antar has been killed when she reportedly tried to stop an attack by three Islamic State suicide car bombers | Antar, dubbed "Kurdish Angelina Jolie" by the Western media, had become the poster girl for the YPJ.
Trump: US 'locked and loaded' on N Korea - BBC News
Stephen Hawking announces $100 million hunt for alien life
Tax-free billions: Australia's largest companies haven't paid corporate tax in 10 years
North Korea appears to have fired another missile: Reuters, citing Japanese media
Isis kills 128 civilians in 'revenge' surprise counter attack on Syrian town
Pope condemns "bloodsuckers" who exploit poor workers: Pope says making "slaves" out of workers and setting unfair contracts is a mortal sin
Philippines will offer free birth control to 6 million women.
Suicide bomber hits stadium in Iraqi city, killing 29
Scientists are frantically copying US climate data, fearing it might vanish under Trump
Greece could use Brexit to recover 'stolen' Parthenon art: In the early 1800s, a British ambassador took sculptures from the Parthenon back to England. Greece has demanded their return ever since. With Brexit, Greece might finally have the upper hand in the 200-year-old spat
Donald Trump presidency a 'disaster for the planet', warn climate scientists: 'At the heart of his energy and climate thinking is an America first policy where draconian climate rules are repealed and the US escalates its production of coal, oil and natural gas.'
'Extreme surveillance' becomes UK law with barely a whimper
BP platform leaks 95 tonnes of oil into North Sea
Exxon knew of climate change in 1981, email says  but it funded deniers for 27 more years
North Korea's internet is offline; massive DDOS attack presumed
England bans smoking in cars containing children.
Security expert: GOP attempt to find Russian hacked Clinton emails had Trump campaign ties |...not only was the operative, Peter Smith, communicating with Russian hackers, but his operation was formed with the "blessing" of at least some members of now-President Trump's campaign.
Prisoner 'suicidal' 11 years into 10-month jail term - BBC News
Toronto Muslim police chaplain says women commit 'major sin' if they refuse to have sex with husbands: Canadian Council of Muslim Women says comments are 'appalling' and 'really set us back'
Humans are reportedly being sold as slaves for $400 each on the front line of the migrant crisis
Trump exposed covert Israeli commando raid deep in Syria to Russia
Muslim man saves 64 Christians from being executed by militants in Philippines
Irish leader doesnt regret calling Trump racist and dangerous
Were witnessing the fastest decline in Arctic sea ice in at least 1,500 years
Cruise ships showed contempt for customers by breaking clean air pledge, report says | The worlds cruise ships have done virtually nothing to reduce their pollution over the past year, with some still emitting as much particulate matter as 1m cars a day
China launches 8,000 water clean-up projects worth $100 billion in first half of 2017
Just miles from the US border, Lexmark fires 90 long-term employees who asked for their pay to be increased by 6 pesos to 120 pesos ($7) a day.
The U.S. Air Force is preparing to put nuclear-armed bombers back on 24-hour ready alert, a status not seen since the Cold War ended in 1991.
New EU rules will remove geoblocking so customers can use online subscription services, like Netflix, abroad
Donald Trump's state visit to Britain put on hold
North Korea said on Sunday it has developed a more advanced nuclear weapon that has great destructive power and leader Kim Jong Un inspected a hydrogen bomb that will be loaded on a new intercontinental ballistic missile
Pharmaceutical giant 'plotted to destroy cancer drugs to drive prices up 4000%'
Russia 'actively involved' in French election, warns US Senate intelligence chief
Brexit: Government rejects petition signed by 4.1 million calling for second EU referendum
'1984' to be screened by cinemas worldwide in anti-Donald Trump protest
Duterte warns he'll order shooting of human rights advocates
Russia gave $50,000 to UN expert who wrote report calling Russia a victim
Doctors Without Borders refused a donation of one million vaccine doses from Pfizer: The heart of the refusalwhich could well imperil children who would have received those vaccinesis a principled stand against the extremely high cost of many vaccines.'
Homeopathy found to be effective for 0 out of 68 illnesses: a systematic review concluded the controversial treatment was no more effective than placebo drugs
Former Trump aide Rick Gates to plead guilty; agrees to testify against Manafort, sources say
Panama Papers reveal London as centre of 'spider's web'
Brexit caused by low levels of education, study finds
Muslim community worker reported Salman Abedi to police five years ago
Obama: I think Sony made a mistake by pulling 'The Interview'
